This file contains the license information for some of the included XSD files,
which are owned by others.

oadr_xmldsig11.xsd:
    Licensed under the W3C license. The W3C license agreement is copied below.

oadr_siscale_20b.xsd
    This file is © OASIS Open 2012 and contains a copyright notice. The text of
    that notice is copied below.

oadr_ISO_ISO3AlphaCurrencyCode_20100407.xsd
    Licensed under the UN_CEFACT license. The license agreement is listed inside
    that file.

Other XSDs included in this directory do not contain explicit license
information, and are included here in good faith and believing that we are
allowed allowed to include them here. If you feel like we are missing an
attribution, we will do everything we can to correct this problem. Please reach
out to us at team@openleadr.org or file an issue on our GitHub page at
https://github.com/openleadr/openleadr-python/issues. Thank you.


================================= W3C Licence =================================

This work is being provided by the copyright holders under the following
license. License

By obtaining and/or copying this work, you (the licensee) agree that you have
read, understood, and will comply with the following terms and conditions.

Permission to copy, modify, and distribute this work, with or without
modification, for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted,
provided that you include the following on ALL copies of the work or portions
thereof, including modifications:

    The full text of this NOTICE in a location viewable to users of the
    redistributed or derivative work. Any pre-existing intellectual property
    disclaimers, notices, or terms and conditions. If none exist, the W3C
    Software and Document Short Notice should be included. Notice of any changes
    or modifications, through a copyright statement on the new code or document
    such as "This software or document includes material copied from or derived
    from [title and URI of the W3C document]. Copyright © [YEAR] W3C® (MIT,
    ERCIM, Keio, Beihang)."

Disclaimers

THIS WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE
SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENT WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS, COPYRIGHTS,
TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS.

COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENT.

The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising or
publicity pertaining to the work without specific, written prior permission.
Title to copyright in this work will at all times remain with copyright holders.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


========================= OASIS Open Copyright Notice =========================

Copyright © OASIS Open 2012. All Rights Reserved.

All capitalized terms in the following text have the meanings assigned to them
in the OASIS Intellectual Property Rights Policy (the "OASIS IPR Policy"). The
full Policy may be found at the OASIS website.

This document and translations of it may be copied and furnished to others, and
derivative works that comment on or otherwise explain it or assist in its
implementation may be prepared, copied, published, and distributed, in whole or
in part, without restriction of any kind, provided that the above copyright
notice and this section are included on all such copies and derivative works.
However, this document itself may not be modified in any way, including by
removing the copyright notice or references to OASIS, except as needed for the
purpose of developing any document or deliverable produced by an OASIS Technical
Committee (in which case the rules applicable to copyrights, as set forth in the
OASIS IPR Policy, must be followed) or as required to translate it into
languages other than English.

The limited permissions granted above are perpetual and will not be revoked by
OASIS or its successors or assigns.

This document and the information contained herein is provided on an "AS IS"
basis and OASIS DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY THAT THE USE OF THE INFORMATION HEREIN WILL NOT INFRINGE
ANY OWNERSHIP RIGHTS OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

OASIS requests that any OASIS Party or any other party that believes it has
patent claims that would necessarily be infringed by implementations of this
OASIS Committee Specification or OASIS Standard, to notify OASIS TC
Administrator and provide an indication of its willingness to grant patent
licenses to such patent claims in a manner consistent with the IPR Mode of the
OASIS Technical Committee that produced this specification.

OASIS invites any party to contact the OASIS TC Administrator if it is aware of
a claim of ownership of any patent claims that would necessarily be infringed by
implementations of this specification by a patent holder that is not willing to
provide a license to such patent claims in a manner consistent with the IPR Mode
of the OASIS Technical Committee that produced this specification. OASIS may
include such claims on its website, but disclaims any obligation to do so.

OASIS takes no position regarding the validity or scope of any intellectual
property or other rights that might be claimed to pertain to the implementation
or use of the technology described in this document or the extent to which any
license under such rights might or might not be available; neither does it
represent that it has made any effort to identify any such rights. Information
on OASIS' procedures with respect to rights in any document or deliverable
produced by an OASIS Technical Committee can be found on the OASIS website.
Copies of claims of rights made available for publication and any assurances of
licenses to be made available, or the result of an attempt made to obtain a
general license or permission for the use of such proprietary rights by
implementers or users of this OASIS Committee Specification or OASIS Standard,
can be obtained from the OASIS TC Administrator. OASIS makes no representation
that any information or list of intellectual property rights will at any time be
complete, or that any claims in such list are, in fact, Essential Claims.

The name "OASIS" is a trademark of OASIS, the owner and developer of this
specification, and should be used only to refer to the organization and its
official outputs. OASIS welcomes reference to, and implementation and use of,
specifications, while reserving the right to enforce its marks against
misleading uses. Please see http://www.oasis-open.org/who/trademark.php for
above guidance.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------